Update Docs and Readme for Depth Estimation Inference (#797)
lightly-ai/lightly-train: README.md

</details>

<details>
<summary><strong>Depth Estimation</strong></summary>

> Run monocular depth inference with Depth Anything V2 and V3 models. Inference only;

Reviewer: You may want to use more positive language for this:

```suggestion
Run monocular depth inference with Depth Anything V2 and V3 models. Training support will be released soon!
```
